Securing Network Connections.
Here is the outline of the lesson: first, we're
going to talk about home and wireless networks.
Second, wireless network security and
third, securing network connections.
Home and Wireless Networks
A home network or home networks are
widely used to send emails, schoolwork
and instant messages as well as to download
music and videos, shop, and play games.
A home network can let them share files
and documents and internet connection,
printers and scanners, stereos, TVs and
game systems as well as DVD and CD burners.
Here are the different network devices.
Router.
It is used for connecting
the modem to the network.
It determines the next network point to which a
packet should be forwarded to its destination.
Hub or Switch
It is a device
that directs the incoming data from any
of multiple input ports to the specific
output port that will take the data
toward its intended destination.
Converter
It is used to connect several
types of cables within an existing
network
Next is NIC or network interface card which
is a device that joins computers to LANs.
Modem
It is used to
connect the system to the network or internet.
The term modem means "modulator-demodulator".
It converts digital signals
into analog and vice versa.
Access Point
It is a wireless
communications hardware that creates a
central point of wireless connectivity.
Gateway
It is a device that connects
different network environments
transceiver. It is a network device that has both
a transmitter and receiver. It is used to transmit
analog or digital signals and the receiver
is used to receive analog or digital signals.
Cable
It is
used to connect one network device to another.
Terminals are the hardware
devices used to enter data
into computer or to display
data from the computer.